Add docs for dbt-ecommerce package (#190)
snowplow/documentation: docs/modeling-your-data/modeling-your-data-with-dbt/dbt-configuration/index.md

:::

Each model has specific configuration variables, however some variables are applied across multiple packages and in some cases may have the same name. Ensure you provide the variable and/or configuration value for each package you are using by defining them in the scope of the package.

## Output Schemas

> By default all scratch/staging tables will be created in the `<target.schema>_scratch` schema, the derived tables ( e.g. `snowplow_web_page_views`, `snowplow_web_sessions`, `snowplow_web_users`) will be created in `<target.schema>_derived` and all manifest tables in `<target.schema>_snowplow_manifest`. Some of these schemas are only used by specific packages, ensure you add the correct configurations for each packages you are using. To change, please add the following to your `dbt_project.yml` file:

Reviewer: 🚫 Can you add the output schema setup for ecom as well please

| `snowplow__allow_refresh`               | `false`                                 | Used as the default value to return from the `allow_refresh()` macro. This macro determines whether the manifest tables can be refreshed or not, depending on your environment. See the 'Manifest Tables' section for more details.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `snowplow__dev_target_name`             | `dev`                                   | The [target name](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/profiles.yml) of your development environment as defined in your `profiles.yml` file. See the 'Manifest Tables' section for more details.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `snowplow__ecommerce_event_names`             | `('snowplow_ecommerce_action')`                                   | The list of event names that the Snowplow ecommerce package will filter on when extracting events from your atomic events table. If you have included any custom ecommerce events, feel free to add their event name in this list to include them in your data models.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Author: I've changed it to a list to be consistent with app_ids as well but dbt does support sets for this!

| `snowplow__categories_separator`             | `'/'`                                   | The separator used to split out your subcategories from your main subcategory. If for example your category field is filled as follows: `books/fiction/magical-fiction` then you should specify `'/'` as the separator in order for the subcolumns to be properly parsed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `snowplow__user_product_quantity`             | `false`                                   | Whether the `product_quantity` field in the product context should be used to sum up the total number of products in a transaction. If this value is set to false, then your `number_products` field in your `transaction` tables will be calculate by counting the number of product entities within the transaction.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `snowplow__user_product_quantity` | `false` | Whether the `product_quantity` field in the product context should be used to sum up the total number of products in a transaction. If this value is set to false, then your `number_products` field in your `transaction` tables will instead be calculated by counting the number of product entities within the transaction i.e. treating each product as having a quantity of 1. |
```

| `snowplow__ecommerce_event_names`             | `['snowplow_ecommerce_action']`                                   | The list of event names that the Snowplow ecommerce package will filter on when extracting events from your atomic events table. If you have included any custom ecommerce events, feel free to add their event name in this list to include them in your data models.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `snowplow__number_checkout_steps`             | `4`                                   |  The index of the checkout step which represents a completed transaction. This is required to enable working checkout funnel analysis, and has a default value of 4.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `snowplow__number_category_levels`             | `4`                                   | The number of subcategories that exist on your website for products. This subcategories will be defined in the category field of the product context, and should be separated using the separator which is defined below. The default value for the number of subcategories is 4, and so 4 columns will be generated in the product tables created by this Snowplow dbt package.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `snowplow__number_category_levels` | `4` | The maximum number of levels (depth) of subcategories that exist on your website for products. These subcategories are recorded in the category field of the product context, and should be separated using the separator which is defined below. For example, `books/fiction/magical-fiction` has a level of 3. The value is the number of columns that will be generated in the product tables created by this Snowplow dbt package. |
```

| `snowplow__ecommerce_event_names`             | `['snowplow_ecommerce_action']`                                   | The list of event names that the Snowplow ecommerce package will filter on when extracting events from your atomic events table. If you have included any custom ecommerce events, feel free to add their event name in this list to include them in your data models.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `snowplow__number_checkout_steps`             | `4`                                   |  The index of the checkout step which represents a completed transaction. This is required to enable working checkout funnel analysis, and has a default value of 4.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `snowplow__number_category_level`             | `4`                                   | The number of subcategories that exist on your website for products. This subcategories will be defined in the category field of the product context, and should be separated using the separator which is defined below. The default value for the number of subcategories is 4, and so 4 columns will be generated in the product tables created by this Snowplow dbt package.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: I know I suggested literally this exact thing, but it should probably be a plural

Author: 😂

| `snowplow__number_checkout_steps`       | `4`                                     | The index of the checkout step which represents a completed transaction. This is required to enable working checkout funnel analysis, and has a default value of 4.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `snowplow__user_product_quantity`       | `false`                                 | Whether the `product_quantity` field in the product context should be used to sum up the total number of products in a transaction. If this value is set to false, then your `number_products` field in your `transaction` tables will instead be calculated by counting the number of product entities within the transaction i.e. treating each product as having a quantity of 1. |

> 

Reviewer: Can you add _all_ variables to the config, even those covered in other areas of the docs. Also remove the `snowplow__` prefix as it takes up too much space.

For some reason as well the table isn't rendering right in the preview but I can't see why...

Author: It should be fixed now!
